Chapter 10: Controllers and Routing (#16)
LaunchCodeEducation/csharp-web-dev-curriculum: content/aspdotnet-controllers-and-routes/reading/controllers-simple/index.md

Let's see how we can use these attributes in our `HelloController` class.

```csharp {linenos=table}
   class HelloController : Controller
   {
      [HttpGet]
      [Route("/helloworld/")]
      public IActionResult Index() 
      {
         string html = "<h1>" + "Hello World!" + "<h1>";
         return Content(html, "text/html");
      }
   }
```

On line 4, you may have noted that we did not include `localhost:5001` in the path we used in our `[Route("path")]` attribute.
The path portion of a URL is a specific section that comes after the host and port.
If you want a quick refresher on the structure of a web address, check out this [section](https://education.launchcode.org/intro-to-professional-web-dev/chapters/http/how-the-internet-works.html#web-addresses) from our introduction to HTTP.

Now when we run our application, we can head over to `localhost:5001/helloworld` to see the result.
If we head over to the route that was mapped through conventional routing, `localhost:5001/hello`, we will find a broken page.
The result is a simple web page with one heading that says "Hello World!".

> .. figure:: figures/staticresponseresult.png
>    :alt: Simple webpage resulting from adding a new method to the controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![Simple webpage resulting from adding a new method to the controller](pictures/staticresponseresult.png)
```

Reviewer: Missing picture -> staticresponseresult.png
